_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
description: Looking for full-time opportunities Research and Engineering Positions

profile:
  align: right
  image: sachin_grover.png
  address: >
    <p>sachin.grover @ asu . edu</p>
    <p><a target="_blank" href = "/assets/pdf/Sachin Grover -- Resume.pdf">Curriculum Vitae</a>

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

:wave: Hello, I am Sachin Grover, thank you for stopping by!

I am a research scientist at [PARC](https://www.sri.com/research/future-concepts-division/){:target="\_blank"}, part of SRI International. My research interests are in LLM based agents, and combining planning and learning techniques/systems.
At PARC, I was part of several DARPA projects -- [SAIL-ON](https://www.darpa.mil/program/science-of-artificial-intelligence-and-learning-for-open-world-novelty){:target="\_blank"} (open-world AI agents), [KMASS](https://www.darpa.mil/program/knowledge-management-at-scale-and-speed){:target="\_blank"} (knowledge management) and [EMHAT](https://www.darpa.mil/program/exploratory-moldels-of-human-ai-teams){:target="\_blank"} (human-ai multi-agent collaboration teams).
Previously, I have also worked as an applied scientist intern at Amazon Alexa research on language model quantization and compression techniques.

My Ph.D. was oriented towards designing Human-Aware AI techniques using Automated Task Planning for collaboration in Human-Robot teams and was advised by [Prof. Subbarao Kambhampati](https://rakaposhi.eas.asu.edu){:target="\_blank"}.

I did my Masters at Arizona State University, advised by [Prof. Kurt VanLehn](https://www.public.asu.edu/~kvanlehn/){:target="\_blank"}, on modeling student's knowledge while working on Intelligent Tutoring System.

:point_right: Currently, I am looking for **full-time opportunities** in research and engineering roles.

:mailbox_with_mail: sachin . grover @ asu . edu (remove spaces)

**Research Interest**: LLM Agents, Learning+Planning systems, Neurosymbolic techniques.

##### Research

My research focuses on designing human-aware techniques and systems utilizing recent improvements in LLMs, planning techniques, and other learning methods.
I am also interested in solving real-world complex problems and creating interpretable systems that provide explanations with guarantees utilizing machine learning and AI-planning techniques.
My work in the past has been published in refereed journals (AIJ, HCI, IEEE, Taylor & Francis, etc.) and several peer-reviewed conferences (International Conference of Automated Planning and Scheduling _ICAPS_, Human-Robot Interaction _HRI_, AI & Education _AIED_, Naturalistic Decision Making _NDM_, etc.) and workshops (Knowledge Engineering for Planning and Scheduling _ICAPS KEPS_, Explainability and AI _ICAPS XAIP_, ML for Public Health _NEURIPS MLPH_), etc. A list of my publications can be checked below.

Commit message:

updated latest position as post-doctoral researcher

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
description: Looking for full-time opportunities Research and Engineering Positions

profile:
  align: right
  image: sachin_grover.png
  address: >
    <p>sachin.grover @ asu . edu</p>
    <p><a target="_blank" href = "/assets/pdf/Sachin Grover -- Resume.pdf">Curriculum Vitae</a>

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

:wave: Hello, I am Sachin Grover, thank you for stopping by!

I am a Post-Doctoral Researcher at [Interactive Robotics Laboratory](https://interactive-robotics.engineering.asu.edu/){:target="\_blank"}, [Arizona State University (ASU)](https://scai.engineering.asu.edu/){:target="\_blank"} working with [Prof. Heni Ben Amor](https://henibenamor.weebly.com/){:target="\_blank"}, where I am exploring LLM as learning machines for guiding robots in the environment.
In the past I have worked as a research scientist at [PARC](https://www.sri.com/research/future-concepts-division/){:target="\_blank"}, part of SRI International. My research interests are in LLM based agents, and combining planning and learning techniques/systems.
At PARC, I was part of several DARPA projects -- [SAIL-ON](https://www.darpa.mil/program/science-of-artificial-intelligence-and-learning-for-open-world-novelty){:target="\_blank"} (open-world AI agents), [KMASS](https://www.darpa.mil/program/knowledge-management-at-scale-and-speed){:target="\_blank"} (knowledge management) and [EMHAT](https://www.darpa.mil/program/exploratory-moldels-of-human-ai-teams){:target="\_blank"} (human-ai multi-agent collaboration teams). 
Previously, I have also worked as an applied scientist intern at Amazon Alexa research on language model quantization and compression techniques.

My Ph.D. at ASU, was oriented towards designing Human-Aware AI techniques using Automated Task Planning for collaboration in Human-Robot teams and was advised by [Prof. Subbarao Kambhampati](https://rakaposhi.eas.asu.edu){:target="\_blank"}.

I did my Masters at ASU, advised by [Prof. Kurt VanLehn](https://www.public.asu.edu/~kvanlehn/){:target="\_blank"}, on modeling student's knowledge while working on Intelligent Tutoring System.

:point_right: Currently, I am looking for **full-time opportunities** in research and engineering roles.

:mailbox_with_mail: sachin . grover @ asu . edu (remove spaces)

**Research Interest**: LLM Agents, Learning+Planning systems, Neurosymbolic techniques.

##### Research

My research focuses on designing human-aware techniques and systems utilizing recent improvements in LLMs, planning techniques, and other learning methods.
I am also interested in solving real-world complex problems and creating interpretable systems that provide explanations with guarantees utilizing machine learning and AI-planning techniques.
My work in the past has been published in refereed journals (AIJ, HCI, IEEE, Taylor & Francis, etc.) and several peer-reviewed conferences (International Conference of Automated Planning and Scheduling _ICAPS_, Human-Robot Interaction _HRI_, AI & Education _AIED_, Naturalistic Decision Making _NDM_, etc.) and workshops (Knowledge Engineering for Planning and Scheduling _ICAPS KEPS_, Explainability and AI _ICAPS XAIP_, ML for Public Health _NEURIPS MLPH_), etc. A list of my publications can be checked below.
